17th Atlantic bottlenose dolphins live
at the Dolphin Research Center in brassy
Key Florida it's a nonprofit making
research facility is the Dolphins
natural behavior things that they do
just for fun that we've even seen wild
dolphins doing leaping out of the air
actually some species of wild dolphins
do flips just for fun what we do as
trainers when we see our dolphins doing
that is try and blow our whistles which
says perfect and the Dolphins get all
excited and go oh they like that yeah
and we try and put it on a signal so we
can ask them for it again one of the
trainers Lindsey would let me into the
secret of how to communicate using hand
signals first you get their attention
you don't do it yeah then you're gonna
show them that okay sign and say circle
okay get both of their attention go
chase and I'm good do it with one hand
got it okay Circle they're probably
gonna go out over here somewhere well
they mention I love that one of my
favorites is that oh yeah yeah you can
try it come on good buddy nice good
nice fancy she's gonna come up and kiss
you did you kiss her yeah yeah yeah
don't tell my boyfriend about that you
know you wouldn't tell with you you
would Santini you would say no Tina good
girl
what about what's the signal for them
laying on their back yeah I've seen that
going on